Feat/simple-dev (#999)
nftstorage/nft.storage: packages/api/README.md

The nft.storage public API.

## Usage

> Make sure you already did step 1 and 2 from these [instructions](/#getting-started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you already did step 1 and 2 from the [root instructions](/#getting-started).
```
Let's be more clear to avoid people to need to navigate if they know they just did it
